[docs] Improve the guide for using @mui/base with Tailwind CSS (#33670)
mui/material-ui: examples/mui-base-with-tailwind-css/README.md

> # Create React App example with @mui/base & Tailwind CSS

Author: Let's use the product names 👍 We already use it for Tailwind CSS.

# Create React App example with @mui/base & Tailwind CSS

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

> It shows how you can use @mui/base together with Tailwind CSS to build your application.

Author: I've added it back. I copied the template from the joy example, at the start, which seems to miss this section. cc @siriwatknp

<!-- #default-branch-switch -->

```sh
curl https://codeload.github.com/mui/material-ui/tar.gz/master | tar -xz --strip=2 material-ui-master/examples/mui-base-with-tailwind-css
cd mui-base-with-tailwind-css
```

Install it and run:

```sh
npm install
npm start
```

or:

<!-- Tailwind CSS requires running command in the terminal, so it does not work in Codesandbox/Stackblitz with the default create react app templates. Because of this in the Codesandbox & Stackblitz links below, it is added via CDN. We will need to update this link when we do updates in the example. -->

> [![Edit on StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/edit/github-bsyjuh?file=public%2Findex.html)

Reviewer: I think that we should consider:
```suggestion
[![Edit on StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/mui-base-with-tailwind-css)
```

so we don't need to maintain this custom Stackblitz (that only Marija can edit without changing the URL). Also, it doesn't seem to work, how about we add `<script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>` in the example?

Author: I have added `<script src="https://cdn.tailwindcss.com"></script>` in the custom Stackblitz & Codesandbox, this is why I created a custom ones in the first place. If we add this it in the examples we won't need custom links, but we won't be really following Tailwind's guide for [create-react-app](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/create-react-app). Probably it's fine considering the alternative we have now (keeping in sync these links).

> [![Edit on CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/mui-base-with-tailwind-css-42z1n8?file=/public/index.html)

Reviewer: I think that we should consider
```suggestion
[![Edit on CodeSandbox](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/mui/material-ui/tree/master/examples/mui-base-with-tailwind-css)
```

so we don't need to maintain this custom codesandbox?
